Prevent archiving of meeting with running processes (#2917)
OpenSlides/openslides-backend: docs/actions/meeting.archive.md

## Action
Archives the meeting by setting the is_active_in_organization_id to `None`.

> This fails if meeting has ongoing polls or an active speaker.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This fails if meeting has ongoing polls or active speakers.
```
There can be multiple active speakers across multiple list_of_speakers.
